OSDOCS-13641: Compliance Operator 1.7.0 release notes (#92420)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/compliance_operator/compliance-operator-release-notes.adoc

For more information on compliance support for all Red{nbsp}Hat products, see link:https://access.redhat.com/compliance[Product Compliance].

[id="compliance-operator-release-notes-1-7-0_{context}"]
== OpenShift Compliance Operator 1.7.0

The following advisory is available for the OpenShift Compliance Operator 1.7.0:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:3728[RHBA-2025:3728 - OpenShift Compliance Operator 1.7.0 bug fix and enhancement update]

[id="compliance-operator-1-7-0-new-features-and-enhancements_{context}"]
=== New features and enhancements

> * A `must-gather` extension is now available for the Compliance Operator installed on `aarch64`, `x86`, `ppc64le`, and `s390x` architectures. The `must-gather` tool provides crucial configuration details to Red Hat Customer Support and engineering. For more information, see xref:../../security/compliance_operator/co-support.adoc#compliance-must-gather_co-support[Using the must-gather tool for the Compliance Operator].

Reviewer: The parentheses around all of the issues need removed. It renders as in parentheses in the preview. So it's like "For more information, see (bug)"

Reviewer: @GroceryBoyJr The parentheses is common, but it's the lead in here that stands out:

![Screenshot From 2025-04-28 14-58-47](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88f690b5-9854-43b3-8738-0cf8fb84949d)

vs 

![Screenshot From 2025-04-28 14-59-11](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/51f146e8-442d-4b88-9aa1-c3824269ffb1)

* CIS Benchmark Support has been added to Compliance Operator 1.7.0. The profile supported is CIS OpenShift Benchmark 1.7.0. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3081[*CMP-3081*])

* Compliance Operator is now supported on `aarch64` architecture for CIS OpenShift Benchmark 1.7.0 and FedRAMP Moderate Revision 4. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-2960[*CMP-2960*])

* Compliance Operator 1.7.0 now supports OpenShift DISA STIG V2R2 profiles for OpenShift and RHCOS. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3142[*CMP-3142*])

* Compliance Operator 1.7.0 now supports deprecation of old, unsupported profile versions, such as deprecation of CIS 1.4 profiles, CIS 1.5 profiles, DISA STIG V1R1 profiles and DISA STIG V2R1 profiles. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3149[*CMP-3149*])

> * With this release of Compliance Operator 1.7.0, the deprecation of older CIS and DISA STIG profiles mean that these older profiles will no longer be supported with the appearance of Compliance Operator 1.8.0. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3284[*CMP-3284*])

Reviewer: ". . . with the appearance of Compliance Operator 1.8.0" ? is 1.8.0 intentional?

* With this release of Compliance Operator 1.7.0, BSI profile support is added for OpenShift. For more information, refer to the KCS article link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7045834[*BSI Quick Check*] and link:https://access.redhat.com/compliance/bsi[*BSI Compliance Summary*].

[id="compliance-operator-1-7-0-bug-fixes_{context}"]
=== Bug fixes

* Before this release, Compliance Operator would provide an unneeded remediation recommendation due to differences in filesystem structure for the `s390x` architecture. With this release, the Compliance Operator now recognizes the differences in filesystem structure and does not provide the misleading remediation. With this update, the rule is now more clearly defined. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-33194[*OCPBUGS-33194*])

> * Previously, the instructions for rule `ocp4-etcd-unique-ca` did not work for OCP 4.17 and later. With this update, the instructions and actionable steps are corrected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42350[*OCPBUGS-42350*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the instructions for rule `ocp4-etcd-unique-ca` did not work for {product-title} 4.17 and later. With this update, the instructions and actionable steps are corrected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42350[*OCPBUGS-42350*])
```

* When using the Compliance Operator with Cluster Logging Operator (CLO) version 6.0, various rules would fail. This is due to backwards incompatible changes to the CRDs that CLO uses. The Compliance Operator relies on those CRDs to verify logging functionality. The CRDs have been corrected to support the PCI-DSS profiles with CLO. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43229[*OCPBUGS-43229*])

> * After installing Cluster Logging Operator (CLO) 6.0, users found that the ComplianceCheckResult `ocp4-cis-audit-log-forwarding-enabled` was failing because there was a change in the APIversion of `clusterlogforwarder`. Log collection and forwarding configurations are now specified under the new API, part of the observability.openshift.io API group. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43585[*OCPBUGS-43585*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* After installing Cluster Logging Operator (CLO) 6.0, users found that the ComplianceCheckResult `ocp4-cis-audit-log-forwarding-enabled` was failing because there was a change in the APIversion of the `clusterlogforwarder` resource. Log collection and forwarding configurations are now specified under the new API, part of the observability.openshift.io API group. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43585[*OCPBUGS-43585*])
```

> * For previous releases of Compliance Operator, the scans would generate an error log for the reconcile loop on the operator pod. With this release, the Compliance Operator controller logic is more stable. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-51267[*OCPBUGS-51267*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For previous releases of Compliance Operator, the scans would generate an error log for the reconcile loop on the Operator pod. With this release, the Compliance Operator controller logic is more stable. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-51267[*OCPBUGS-51267*])
```

> * Previously, the rules `file-integrity-exists` or `file-integrity-notification-enabled` would fail on `aarch64` OpenShift clusters. With this update, these rules evaluate as NOT-APPLICABLE on `aarch64` systems. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-52884[*OCPBUGS-52884*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the rules `file-integrity-exists` or `file-integrity-notification-enabled` would fail on `aarch64` {product-title} clusters. With this update, these rules evaluate as `NOT-APPLICABLE` on `aarch64` systems. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-52884[*OCPBUGS-52884*])
```

> * Before this release of the Compliance Operator, the rule `kubelet-configure-tls-cipher-suites` failed for the API server ciphers, resulting in `E2E-FAILURE` status. The rule has been updated to check new ciphers from RFC 8446, which are included with OpenShift 4.18. The rule is now being evaluated correctly. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54212[*OCPBUGS-54212*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this release of the Compliance Operator, the rule `kubelet-configure-tls-cipher-suites` failed for the API server ciphers, resulting in `E2E-FAILURE` status. The rule has been updated to check new ciphers from RFC 8446, which are included with {product-title} 4.18. The rule is now being evaluated correctly. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54212[*OCPBUGS-54212*])
```

> * Previously, the Compliance Operator platform scan would fail and produce the message `failed to parse Ignition config`. With this release, the Compliance Operator is safe to run on 4.19 clusters, when that version of OpenShift is available to customers. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54403[*OCPBUGS-54403*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the Compliance Operator platform scan would fail and produce the message `failed to parse Ignition config`. With this release, the Compliance Operator is safe to run on 4.19 clusters, when that version of {product-title} is available to customers. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54403[*OCPBUGS-54403*])
```

> * Before this release of Compliance Operator, several rules were not platform aware, creating unneeded errors. Now that the rules have been properly ported to other architectures, those rules run correctly and users may observe some Compliance Check Results reporting `NOT-APPLICABLE` appropriately, depending on the architecture they are using. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-53041[*OCPBUGS-53041*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this release of Compliance Operator, several rules were not platform aware, creating unneeded errors. Now that the rules have been properly ported to other architectures, those rules run correctly and users can observe some Compliance Check Results reporting `NOT-APPLICABLE` appropriately, depending on the architecture they are using. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-53041[*OCPBUGS-53041*])
```

> * Previously, rule `file-groupowner-ovs-conf-db-hugetlbf` would fail unexpectedly. With this release, the rule fails only when this is the needed result. (link:http://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-55180[*OCPBUGS-55190*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the rule `file-groupowner-ovs-conf-db-hugetlbf` would fail unexpectedly. With this release, the rule fails only when this is the needed result. (link:http://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-55180[*OCPBUGS-55190*])
```

[id="compliance-operator-release-notes-1-7-0_{context}"]
== OpenShift Compliance Operator 1.7.0

The following advisory is available for the OpenShift Compliance Operator 1.7.0:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:3728[RHBA-2025:3728 - OpenShift Compliance Operator 1.7.0 bug fix and enhancement update]

[id="compliance-operator-1-7-0-new-features-and-enhancements_{context}"]
=== New features and enhancements

* A `must-gather` extension is now available for the Compliance Operator installed on `aarch64`, `x86`, `ppc64le`, and `s390x` architectures. The `must-gather` tool provides crucial configuration details to Red Hat Customer Support and engineering. For more information, see xref:../../security/compliance_operator/co-support.adoc#compliance-must-gather_co-support[Using the must-gather tool for the Compliance Operator].

* CIS Benchmark Support has been added to Compliance Operator 1.7.0. The profile supported is CIS OpenShift Benchmark 1.7.0. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3081[*CMP-3081*])

> * Compliance Operator is now supported on `aarch64` architecture for CIS OpenShift Benchmarks 1.7.0 and FedRAMP Moderate Revision 4. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-2960[*CMP-2960*])

Reviewer 2: nit: s/Benchmarks/Benchmarks/

There is only one CIS Benchmark, but we implement it across multiple profiles (platform and node).

* Compliance Operator 1.7.0 now supports OpenShift DISA STIG V2R2 profiles for OpenShift and RHCOS. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3142[*CMP-3142*])

> * Compliance Operator 1.7.0 now supports deprecation of old, unsupported profile versions, such as deprecation of CIS 1.4 profiles, CIS 1.5 profiles, DISA STIG V1R1 profiles and DISA STIG V2R1 profiles. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3149[*CMP-3149*])

Reviewer 2: Glad to see this here. The Compliance Operator also supports sending an alert if a user attempts to use a deprecated profile. We could document how they view those alerts, which could be helpful for them.

I could see someone reading this and wondering where to look for those deprecation notices.

* With this release of Compliance Operator 1.7.0, the deprecation of older CIS and DISA STIG profiles mean that these older profiles will no longer be supported with the appearance of Compliance Operator 1.8.0. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3284[*CMP-3284*])

> * With this release of Compliance Operator 1.7.0, BSI profile support is added for OCP. For more information, refer to the KCS article link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7045834[*BSI Quick Check*] and link:https://access.redhat.com/compliance/bsi[*BSI Compliance Summary*].

Reviewer 2: nit: Should we use "OpenShift" instead of "OCP" to be consistent with other usage in this document?

* Previously, the instructions for rule `ocp4-etcd-unique-ca` did not work for OCP 4.17 and later. With this update, the instructions and actionable steps are corrected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42350[*OCPBUGS-42350*])

* When using the Compliance Operator with Cluster Logging Operator (CLO) version 6.0, various rules would fail. This is due to backwards incompatible changes to the CRDs that CLO uses. The Compliance Operator relies on those CRDs to verify logging functionality. The CRDs have been corrected to support the PCI-DSS profiles with CLO. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43229[*OCPBUGS-43229*])

* After installing logging 6.0, users found that the ComplianceCheckResult `ocp4-cis-audit-log-forwarding-enabled` was failing because there was a change in the APIversion of `clusterlogforwarder`. Log collection and forwarding configurations are now specified under the new API, part of the observability.openshift.io API group. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43585[*OCPBUGS-43585*])

> * For previous releases of Compliance Operator, the scans would generate an error log for the reconcile loop on the operator pod. With this release, the Compliance Operator controller logic is more stable. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-51267[*OCPBUGS-51267*])

Reviewer 2: I believe this was a problem when a user asked for the same ComplianceScan repeatedly, in quick succession (which is exactly what our testing was doing that exposed the bug).

> * Previously, the rule `file-integrity-exists` would fail during CI runs on `aarch64` clusters. Now that `aarch64` clusters are supported, the rule failure has been resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-52884[*OCPBUGS-52884*])

Reviewer 2: We could generalize this by removing the references to CI. We could say something to the effect of:

> The `file-integrity-exists` rule will evaluate as `NOT-APPLICABLE` on `aarch64` systems. This rule will be updated accordingly If and when the OpenShift File Integrity Operator is supported on `aarch64` architecture.

> * Previously, the rule `file-integrity-notification-enabled` would fail during CI runs on `aarch64` clusters. Now that `aarch64` clusters are supported, this rule failure has been resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-52885[*OCPBUGS-52885*])

Reviewer 2: Similar comment as above (we could almost consolidate these two?).

> * Before this release of the Compliance Operator, the rule `kubelet-configure-tls-cipher-suites` was failing in CI tests for the API server ciphers, resulting in `E2E-FAILURE` status. The rule was not recognizing new ciphers from RFC 8446. This has been resolved and the rule is now being evaluated correctly. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54212[*OCPBUGS-54212*])

Reviewer 2: Similar comment here as above. We can consider removing the language around CI.

What I think readers might care about here is that the Compliance Operator has been updated so that `kubelet-configure-tls-cipher-suites` includes checking new ciphers from RFC 8446, that have been included as part of OpenShift 4.18. The broken behavior before was that the rule would fail because it thought the newly added ciphers we not secure, or safe, but they are and we just needed to update the rule accordingly.

* Previously, the Compliance Operator platform scan would fail and produce the message `failed to parse Ignition config`. With this release, this fault has been resolved and the scan returns either `Compliant` or `Non-Compliant`. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54403[*OCPBUGS-54403*])

> * Before this release of Compliance Operator, the rule `directory-access-var-log-audit` appears to fail in FedRAMP moderate and high RHCOS profile scans, even after applying the remediation. With this release, the rule correctly completes and detects correct remediation. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54605[*OCPBUGS-54605*])

Reviewer 2: This was an issue that cropped up in CI after CO 1.6.2 release, so the behavior shouldn't be something an end user would have experience. The rule should work the same on 1.7.0 as it did with 1.6.2.

> * Before this release of Compliance Operator, several rules were not platform aware, creating unneeded errors. Now that the rules have been properly ported to other architectures, those rules run correctly. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-53041[*OCPBUGS-53041*])

Reviewer 2: ++

As a result, users may observe some Compliance Check Results reporting `NOT-APPLICABLE` appropriately, depending on the architecture they're using.

> * Before this release, all `RHCOS` profiles return `NOT-APPLICABLE` for OCP 4.19. With this release, `RHCOS` profiles return normal results. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-55140[*OCPBUGS-55140*])

Reviewer 2: I think is ultimately the same as https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/92420/files#diff-cec5d2c0e7820ec453ff6975acf20719fb03ef148b49d496e21b1ca24941ce28R64 - we could consolidate them?

* Previously, rule `file-groupowner-ovs-conf-db-hugetlbf` would fail unexpectedly. With this release, the rule fails only when this is the needed result. (link:http://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-55180[*OCPBUGS-55190*])

> * Previously, Compliance Operator rules did not contain correct NERC-CIP profile annotations. The incorrect annotations would provide users with erroneous output on the range of baselines such as FedRAMP High, NERC-CMP, PCI-DSS and CIS. The output has been corrected and now the results are correct as read by the customer. (link:http://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-55181[*OCPBUGS-55181*])

Reviewer 2: This should have only been something that happened in between 1.6.2 and 1.7.0. I don't think a customer would have observed anything wrong, so if we leave it off the release notes that fine with me.

* After installing logging 6.0, users found that the ComplianceCheckResult `ocp4-cis-audit-log-forwarding-enabled` was failing because there was a change in the APIversion of `clusterlogforwarder`. Log collection and forwarding configurations are now specified under the new API, part of the observability.openshift.io API group. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43585[*OCPBUGS-43585*])

* For prior releases of Compliance Operator, the URL in the OCP4 GUI console shows (https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/security/compliance_operator/compliance-operator-understanding.html), which is incorrect for versions of OCP after version 4.10. As of OCP version 4.11 and later, the link includes the term "co-concepts", such as: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/security/compliance_operator/co-concepts/compliance-operator-understanding.html. As of this release, the URL shown in the OCP4 GUI has been corrected. (link:http://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-48090[*OCPBUGS-48090*])

> * For previous releases of Compliance Operator, the scans would generate an error log for the reconcile loop on the operator pod. With this release, the Compliance Operator controller logic is more stable and does not generate the errors for the reconcile loop. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-51267[*OCPBUGS-51267*])

Reviewer 3: "does not generate the errors for the reconcile loop" it is not accurate. The error frequency decreased a lot but it still  exists.

* After installing logging 6.0, users found that the ComplianceCheckResult `ocp4-cis-audit-log-forwarding-enabled` was failing because there was a change in the APIversion of `clusterlogforwarder`. Log collection and forwarding configurations are now specified under the new API, part of the observability.openshift.io API group. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43585[*OCPBUGS-43585*])

* For prior releases of Compliance Operator, the URL in the OCP4 GUI console shows (https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/security/compliance_operator/compliance-operator-understanding.html), which is incorrect for versions of OCP after version 4.10. As of OCP version 4.11 and later, the link includes the term "co-concepts", such as: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/security/compliance_operator/co-concepts/compliance-operator-understanding.html. As of this release, the URL shown in the OCP4 GUI has been corrected. (link:http://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-48090[*OCPBUGS-48090*])

> //  OCPBUGS-48461 has the "no-doc" label because it should not be documented in the release notes.

Reviewer 3: Better to remove this line?

> //  OCPBUGS-48815 was a documentation bug handled with Paul Bastide consulting, which has already been closed and is not related to the 1.7.0 release of Compliance Operator documentation. 

Reviewer 3: Better to remove this line?

[id="compliance-operator-1-7-0-new-features-and-enhancements_{context}"]
=== New features and enhancements

* A `must-gather` extension is now available for the Compliance Operator installed on `aarch64`, `x86`, `ppc64le`, and `s390x` architectures. The `must-gather` tool provides crucial configuration details to Red Hat Customer Support and engineering. For more information, see xref:../../security/compliance_operator/co-support.adoc#compliance-must-gather_co-support[Using the must-gather tool for the Compliance Operator].

* CIS Benchmark Support has been added to Compliance Operator 1.7.0. The profile supported is CIS OpenShift Benchmark 1.7.0. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3081[*CMP-3081*])

* Compliance Operator is now supported on `aarch64` architecture for CIS OpenShift Benchmarks 1.7.0 and FedRAMP Moderate Revision 4. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-2960[*CMP-2960*])

* Compliance Operator 1.7.0 now supports OpenShift DISA STIG V2R2 profiles for OpenShift and RHCOS. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3142[*CMP-3142*])

> * Compliance Operator 1.7.0 now supports deprecation of old, unsupported profile versions, such as deprecation of CIS 1.4 profiles, CIS 1.5 profiles, DISA STIG V1R1 profiles and DISA STIC V2R1 profiles. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3149[*CMP-3149*])

Reviewer 3: should be `DISA STIG V2R1 profiles`

* With this release of Compliance Operator 1.7.0, the deprecation of older CIS and DISA STIG profiles mean that these older profiles will no longer be supported with the appearance of Compliance Operator 1.8.0. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3284[*CMP-3284*])

[id="compliance-operator-1-7-0-bug-fixes_{context}"]
=== Bug fixes

> // OCPBUGS-10336: I have documented this as a new feature (above) and not as a bug.

Reviewer 3: Maybe remove this line? Thanks.

* Before this release, Compliance Operator would provide an unneeded remediation recommendation due to differences in filesystem structure for the `s390x` architecture. With this release, the Compliance Operator now recognizes the differences in filesystem structure and does not provide the misleading remediation. With this update, the rule is now more clearly defined. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-33194[*OCPBUGS-33194*])

> * Previously, version detection did not work correctly on IBM cloud and Hypershift environments. With this release, Compliance Operator now checks `HostedCluster.Status.Version.History[0]` to report a correct result. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-3953[*OCPBUGS-3953*])

Reviewer 3: This bug should have been fixed many releases ago. I will remove this bug from the errata.

For more information on compliance support for all Red{nbsp}Hat products, see link:https://access.redhat.com/compliance[Product Compliance].

[id="compliance-operator-release-notes-1-7-0_{context}"]
== OpenShift Compliance Operator 1.7.0

The following advisory is available for the OpenShift Compliance Operator 1.7.0:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:3728-01[RHBA-2025:3728-01 - OpenShift Compliance Operator 1.7.0 bug fix and enhancement update]

[id="compliance-operator-1-7-0-new-features-and-enhancements_{context}"]
=== New features and enhancements

* A `must-gather` extension is now available for the Compliance Operator installed on `aarch64`, `x86`, `ppc64le`, and `s390x` architectures. The `must-gather` tool provides crucial configuration details to Red Hat Customer Support and engineering. For more information, see xref:../../security/compliance_operator/co-support.adoc#compliance-must-gather_co-support[Using the must-gather tool for the Compliance Operator].

> * CIS Benchmark Support has been added to Compliance Operator 1.7.0. The profile supported is CIS OpenShift Benchmark 1.6.0 This update deprecates CIS OpenShift Profiles 1.4.0 and 1.5.0. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3081[*CMP-3081*])

Reviewer 3: the CIS Benchmark version should be 1.7.0. And there should be a be a full stop at the end of this sentence.
`The profile supported is CIS OpenShift Benchmark 1.7.0. `

```
ocp4-cis                   2m19s   1.7.0
ocp4-cis-1-4               2m20s   1.4.0
ocp4-cis-1-5               2m20s   1.5.0
ocp4-cis-1-7               2m20s   1.7.0
ocp4-cis-node              2m19s   1.7.0
ocp4-cis-node-1-4          2m19s   1.4.0
ocp4-cis-node-1-5          2m19s   1.5.0
ocp4-cis-node-1-7          2m19s   1.7.0
```

* Compliance Operator is now supported on `aarch64` architecture CPU for CIS OpenShift Benchmark 1.7.0 and FedRAMP Moderate Revision 4. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-2960[*CMP-2960*])

* Compliance Operator 1.7.0 now supports OpenShift DISA STIG V2R2 profiles for OpenShift and RHCOS. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3142[*CMP-3142*])

> * Compliance Operator 1.7.0 now supports deprecation of old, unsupported profile versions such as obsolete CIS or DISA STIG Benchmarks. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3149[*CMP-3149*])

Reviewer 3: Maybe give more information here? 
* Compliance Operator 1.7.0 now supports deprecation of old, unsupported profile versions, such as deprecate CIS 1.4 profiles, CIS 1.5 profiles,  DISA STIG V1R1 profiles and DISA STIG V2R1 profiles. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3149[*CMP-3149*])

//  OCPBUGS-48461 has the "no-doc" label because it should not be documented in the release notes.

//  OCPBUGS-48815 was a documentation bug handled with Paul Bastide consulting, which has already been closed and is not related to the 1.7.0 release of Compliance Operator documentation. 

* For previous releases of Compliance Operator, the scans would generate an error log for the reconcile loop on the operator pod. With this release, the Compliance Operator controller logic is more stable and does not generate the errors for the reconcile loop. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-51267[*OCPBUGS-51267*])

> * Before this release, periodic CI runs twice a week would fail because the runs are expecting the `partition-for-var-log-audit` rule to be `NOT-APPLICABLE` when the test returns `MANUAL`. This has been fixed with the 1.7.0 release and the weekly CI results now match the expected `MANUAL` status. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-52295[*OCPBUGS-52295*])

Reviewer 3: I have removed OCPBUGS-52295 from the errata as there is customer impact. It only impacts upstream ci. Could you please remove the release notes for OCPBUGS-52295? Thanks.

* Previously, the Compliance Operator platform scan would fail and produce the message `failed to parse Ignition config`. With this release, this fault has been resolved and the scan returns either `Compliant` or `Non-Compliant`. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54403[*OCPBUGS-54403*])

* Before this release of Compliance Operator, the rule `directory-access-var-log-audit` appears to fail in FedRAMP moderate and high RHCOS profile scans, even after applying the remediation. With this release, the rule correctly completes and detects correct remediation. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54605[*OCPBUGS-54605*])

* Before this release of Compliance Operator, several rules were not platform aware, creating unneeded errors. Now that the rules have been properly ported to other architectures, those rules run correctly. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-53041[*OCPBUGS-53041*])

> * Before this release, all `RHCOS` profiles return `NOT-APPLICABLE` for OCP 4.19. With this release, `RHCOS` profiles return nominal results. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-55140[*OCPBUGS-55140*])

Reviewer 3: Typo error. Maybe you want to say "normal results"?
